In the previous module, we took a first look
at Deno, or Deno, however you wanna pronounce it,
and I showed you how it relates to Note
and also what some differences are.
Now, in order to take you one step further
and to really enable you to work with Deno
as you're able to work with Note,
in this module we'll have a closer look at Deno
and we'll do a bit more with Deno.
Specifically, in this module we're going
to connect a front end to the rest API we built
in the previous module.
For that, of course, you should make sure
that you go through that last module, of course,
also to pick up the basics about Deno in general,
and besides connecting a front end,
we'll also connect a database, MongoDB in this example,
so that you also see how Deno could interact
with a database,
so let's get started.